#Generate a mesh by tessellation from heXRD grain center of mass data

1. Copy the `grains.csv` file generated by heXRD to a local folder. Import it in Matlab and extract 
columns 7 to 9. Those columns store the grain center of mass. They are in normalized
coordinates between -1 and +1. Transform them so that they are between 0 and 1. Use
`fprintf` function to print them to a text file. Copy the center of mass data file
to a folder on the server. Run the following Neper commands to create a tessellation.

2. `neper -T -n 513 -id 1 -dim 3 -domain 'cube(0.6,0.3,0.6)' -morpho '@com_301lss_18.data' -ori '3D' -for tess -regularization 0 -filter noise -centroid 1 -o hcp`
`-T` specifies tessellation module.
`-n` is the number of grains. `-id` is the seed for the random number generator (not sure if we need this, since we are providing
grain center of mass). `-dim 3` is the number of dimensions (3D). `-domain ` is the bounding domain.
`-ori` specifies the grain orientations (3D means random 3D distribution). `-for`
is the format of the output (tess is a text based format). `-regularization` specifies
if the mesh should be corrected for irregularities (very small vertex angle etc. 0 means NO).
`-filter` moves apart centroids that are too close to each other. `-centroid 1` specifies
a centroid type of tessellation. `-o` epcifies the output file name.


3. `neper -V tess_301lss_18.tess -datacellcol id -datacelltrs 0.7 -print vis_301lss_18`
`-V` option specifies that we want to visualize the data
Create a PNG visualization from the tessellation. `tess_301lss_18.tess` is the tessellation data file
generated by Neper. `-datacellcol id` specifies that each cell should be assigned a color based on
its id. `-datacelltrs 0.7` specifies an opacity of 0.7. `vis_301lss_18` is the name of the
output file. It will have an extension `png`.


